feat: vscode devcontainer configuration (#373)
henricm/ha-ferroamp: .devcontainer/README.md

  -   Windows 10 Home requires [WSL 2](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/wsl/wsl2-install) and the current Edge version of Docker Desktop (see instructions [here](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/wsl-tech-preview/)). This can also be used for Windows Pro/Enterprise/Education.
- [Visual Studio code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
- [Remote - Containers (VSC Extension)][extension-link]

[More info about requirements and devcontainer in general](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers#_getting-started)

[extension-link]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers

**Getting started:**

- Open the repository root folder using Visual Studio code.

Visual Studio code will ask "Reopen in Container", this will start the build of the container.

_If you don't see this notification, open the command palette and select `Remote-Containers: Reopen Folder in Container`._

### Start devcontainer

Open the command palette and select `Tasks: Run Task` then select `Run Home Assistant on port 8123` this will start the Home Assistant instance.

> The devcontainer canbe restarted by opening the command palette and selecting `Tasks: Restart Running Task`, then select the task `Run Home Assistant on port 8123`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The devcontainer can be restarted by opening the command palette and selecting `Tasks: Restart Running Task`, then select the task `Run Home Assistant on port 8123`.
```

> When the devcontainer is running, open a browser and navigate to `localhost:8123` and finish configuration of the instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the devcontainer is running, open a browser and navigate to `http://localhost:8123` and finish configuration of the instance.
```
